When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all 
your work local?

I would want to use it for back up, collaboration, or to simply give my 
code to others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Why might I want to pull my changes manually? I suspect it's to avoid 
potential conflicts in the code. I may be in the middle of adding a 
feature for example, the last thing I may have wanted is to have my 
progress interupted when another contributer has updated to the 
repository. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would 
you use one instead of the other?

A fork is the equivilant of cloning another repository, but it clones to 
my account on GitHub instead of my local repository. It's a way to work 
on my own version of someone elses project, but still have a link back to 
the other person. Clones are local repositories copied into a local 
repository, usually I would want to do that if I want to edit the files 
locally. That would be most of the time. Branches allow me to create 
local variations to the master branch, but not necessarily have to commit 
to it. If I decide I want to use the features created in the branch I can 
merge it to the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
remote stored locally?

It's particularly handy when working offline. I can spend the time on my 
own laptop fixing conflicts and 'uploading' to github. once sorted, I can 
continue coding and move on with my life. None of these excuses of having 
a lack of Wifi connection. Then again, I'm not a workaholic. I'd probably 
spend my time on a long flight sleeping or reading a book.

